[man] Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Spin it!
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo
Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
Let's begin it.
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo
Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
-♪ Oh, yeah ♪
-♪ Talespin ♪
-♪ Oh, yo ♪
♪ Friends for life
Through thick and thin ♪
♪ With another tale to spin ♪
-♪ Oh, yeah ♪
-♪ Talespin ♪
-♪ Oh, yo ♪
♪ All the trouble we get in ♪
♪ With another tale to spin ♪
Spin it!
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo
Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
Spin it, my friend!
Whoo-hoo!
-♪ Oh, yeah ♪
-♪ Oh, yo ♪
♪ Ba-ba-ba da-da-da ♪
♪ Spin it, let's begin it ♪
♪ Bear and grin it when you're in it ♪
♪ You can win it in a minute ♪
♪ When you spin it, spin it, spin it ♪
Ha-ha-ha!
♪ Talespin it ♪
♪ Talespin ♪
[Baloo] A great pilot like me
ought to have better things to do
than fly a load of souvenirs
to Walla Walla Bing Bang.
Well, they can't crown a new queen
without souvenir paperweights.
They ought to sell souvenir maps.
Last time I got lost for three days.
Makes your head spin.
Whoa!
Hang on, little britches!
Hey, watch your air space, hotshot!
[woman laughing] That's the nicest thing
you ever said to me.
[Baloo] Plane Jane!
Airplane Jane to you, Baloo.
Who's Plane Jane?
A pilot I used to know.
Taught her everything she knows.
[Plane Jane] Took about a minute.
I can fly rings around you.
I'd show you some fancy flying,
but I've got a special cargo on board--
For Princess Grace
of Walla Walla Bing Bang.
I'm on a special mission
for Princess Grace.
Do you stand beside her
and make her look good?
We went to finishing school together.
You went to finishing school?
I never finished.
The princess wants me to find something.
She's offering a reward.
I'll tell them you're coming.
They can have the crash crew ready.
I bet she's not as good as you.
She's always trying to prove
she's better than me.
Well, is she?
Well, no. Not really.
She beat me in a race once.
Easy. Let me explain.
We were finalists
in the Armadillo Cook-off and Air Rally.
No sooner did we take off,
than Papa Bear takes the lead.
The trick was to land
and release this armadillo balloon.
I was way ahead,
when she pulls a fast one.
That won the race.
Sounds pretty clever to me.
Why are you so sore?
I wish I'd thought of it.
If I can beat Jane to that reward,
she'll have to admit I'm better.
Come on. We're going to see the queen.
And not just to deliver some souvenirs.
[crash]
Hey, watch where I'm going.
Uh!
Miswable wetch!
I'm Prince Wudolf,
second in line to the thwone
of Walla Walla Bing Bang.
Easy, your high and mightiness,
you're going to raise
your blue blood pressure.
Hey, easy on the threads!
[flying sound]
[crash]
Are you all right?
They never laid a hand on me.
I hope the princess
doesn't mind if we drop in.
It's good to see you.
My cousin Prince Wudolf
has returned to Walla Walla Bing Bang
and challenged my wight to the thwone.
As pwoof of the wight to wule,
whoever can produce
Queen Mauween's wuby wings
shall be crowned at the coronation.
Hang on, Baloo! Got you.
Why do you need me?
[Princess Grace]
The wings were lost centuries ago,
hidden in the caves of the Wockies.
But Wudolf stole the tweasure map.
He keeps it in a safe in his weading woom.
Weading woom?
The libwawy!
The woom with books!
Oh, the wea-- reading room!
I pwomise a reward
of 10,000 Walla Walla Bing Bang wubles
to anyone who finds Queen Mauween's wings.
Ten thousand Walla Walla Bing Bang wubles?
Wow!
The coronation's tomorrow.
How will I find the ruby rings?
-Wuby wings.
-Whatever.
[Grace] Wudolf's ball is tonight.
Sneak in with the guests and find the map.
There's nothing I like
better than a party.
Careful, little britches!
It's... slipping.
Uh!
Whoa!
Ooh. That was close.
[panting] Baloo, are you all right?
[coughs] We've got a map to find!
You didn't say anything
about a costume party.
Let's look for costumes.
We'll meet inside by the food.
How will I know you?
I'll be somebody you don't recognize.
I ought to be able to find
something around here.
Now, that's a costume!
Ha ha! Wait till Baloo gets a load of me!
Help!
How do you make this thing walk?
[metal clattering]
[chuckles] Grace isn't the only one
who can be crowned.
I hope there's a door prize
for the best costume.
[ballroom music playing]
[fly buzzing]
[Plane Jane] Pardon me.
Whoa. Nice costume.
I'm looking for the reading room.
I'm kind of busy.
Let's get together later
and discuss literature.
There's a fly on your nose.
Wait! The reading room!
That must've been Plane Jane.
No wonder I didn't recognize her.
She looks a lot better with a veil.
Pwincess Gwace may twy to steal
the tweasure map.
Wook for anything suspicious.
Be awert!
[beep]
The map!
Uh!
It must be stuck.
[straining]
-Uh!
-Uhggh!
[crashing]
[panting] What are you doing here, Baloo?
Getting caught.
Same as you.
You should've let me have the map.
Me let go? I had it first!
[guard] Siwence!
-Ow!
-Good twy, but I have a gun, too.
Ow!
Never can tell when you need
a good set of encyclopedias.
Let's go before we run into
an elephant full of guards.
Hold your horses, Baloo.
I got a better idea.
This is the perfect disguise for us.
I'll be the head.
You can just be yourself.
Have you found any intwuders?
How many times
have you patwolled the palace?
Only thwee?
Five. That's more like it.
The intwuders stole the map!
And our costume.
Hey, where's the rest of me?
[Prince Rudolf] Gwab them!
Next time you take off, yell giddyap!
Untie the Sea Duck.
I'll start the engines.
[Plane Jane] My plane's better.
This shows how to get where we're going.
This shows where we're going.
[Prince Rudolf] Stop, you map wobbers!
You're right. We'll take your plane.
Stop splashing awound.
Pwepawe my blimp for flight!
They haven't eluded me yet.
[Baloo] Oh, I just remembered!
Kit's still back there.
He's safer there than here
with you in control.
[Kit knocking]
Hey, anybody got a can opener?
I'm running out of map.
We go through that pass.
Can you see a good way to get through?
Need help, huh?
[Baloo] Ouch!
You ought to give me your half.
If you had both halves,
you wouldn't need me.
I don't. You need me.
You're making me laugh. Aah!
That's a laugh?
[Plane Jane] We're going to crash!
We should've taken your airplane.
Nowhere to tie up. Throw the anchor.
I know what I'm doing.
So do I.
She's trying to trick me.
The entrance ought to be straight ahead.
Thanks for the info.
[panting] How do I get inside?
"Pull rope."
Who needs a map?
This'll be easy.
[door creaking]
You'll never get anywhere hanging around.
Oh, ow!
[body thuds]
Aah!
[stone scraping]
Why don't you just stick around here
while I get the ruby rings?
I'll get even with you!
Two doors? One of them must be a trap.
You have the map.
Which door's to the treasure?
That one.
Hold it. You wouldn't
tell me the right door.
You know I know you wouldn't tell me
the right door,
So this is the right door.
Aah!
He's got rocks in his head,
or will if he stops running.
[lever squeaking]
Aah!
Whew! That was close.
The map says pull the chain.
It could be another trap.
After you.
-[chain jangling]
-[straining] It won't budge!
Out of my way. I should've known
you couldn't handle this.
[straining] We need more weight.
[scoffs] Hard to believe.
I hate to say it,
but we got to work together.
All right, but once we pull this chain,
it's every pilot for himself.
Herself.
Whatever.
[scraping]
[crashing]
[Plane Jane] Oh, it's not ruby rings.
It's ruby wings.
Well, why didn't somebody say so?
[Prince Rudolph]
Why, it's perfectwy cwear...
As wong as you speak
Walla Walla Bing Bang.
You've made a fool of Pwince Wudolf
for the last time!
[screaming]
What are you doing?
You don't look like a queen,
but you'll do.
Do what?
With these, glide to the Sea Duck.
Get the wings to Grace
so she can be crowned.
I'm not going to owe you one.
You take them. I'll stay behind.
Don't argue.
I'm too heavy to hang glide.
That door is solid rock.
It'll take them all day
to break through it.
Battery operated.
[gulp]
What have you done with the ruby wings?
Where's your accent?
You're not from Walla Walla Bing Bang.
The princess thinks I'm her
long-lost cousin.
When I stole that map,
I thought I'd steal the treasure,
But I can steal a whole kingdom!
Too late. The wings have flown.
That other pilot must have them.
Throw him out!
[Baloo] I liked him better when
I couldn't understand him.
What do you think of my flying now?
No time for idle compliments.
Let's get to the coronation.
[explosions]
Take the controls. It's your airplane.
You're doing fine.
Fly straight for the blimp.
Stop them! What are they doing
to my blimp?
That ought to let the air
out of that windbag.
Whoa!
We're going down with the blimp!
Cut the rope!
Way to go, Baloo.
That was some flying.
You only forgot one thing...
The rock slide!
[Plane Jane]
We'll never make it on one engine.
Better lose weight.
You mean weights.
[Prince Rudolph and the guards screaming]
Fow wecovewing the fabulous wuby wings
of Queen Mauween,
I pwesent you with the weward of 10,000
Walla Walla Bing Bang wubles!
Hey, what about me?
I pwesent you with a bill
for 10,000 wubles
from the ministwy of souveniws
for destwoying our paperweights.
Ten thousand wubles?
Rebecca's going to kill me
when I get back.
This ought to cover it, Your Gracie.
I never would've found the ruby wings
without you.
I guess I never could've done it
[laughs] You know,
for a pushy loud-mouthed slob,
you're a pretty nice guy.
Did anybody ever tell you
your eyes sparkle
when you're insulting?
[crashing]
I thought I'd never
get out of that costume.
Is the party over?
♪ Talespin ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ Another tale to spin ♪
♪ Talespin ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ Another tale to spin ♪
♪ Hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo
Hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo ♪
[Baloo laughing]
♪ Talespin ♪